Questions

Question 1a) Write int RollDice method which replicates die throw (i.e.
should return 1,2,3,4,5 or 6 randomly).
You cannot use any random number generator methods (such as Random())
(Pseudocode is sufficient)
Question 1b)Write 3 test cases for RollDice (i.e. if you were asked to test whether
RollDice method is working
correctly, what would you test and how)

Question 2)A string is a palindrome if it has exactly the same sequence of
characters when read lefttoright as it has when read righttoleft. For example, the
following strings are palindromes:
● "kayak",
● "codilitytilidoc",
● "neveroddoreven". A string A is an anagram of a string B if A can be
obtained from B by rearranging the characters. For example, in each of the
following pairs one string is an anagram of the other:
● "mary" and "army",
● "rocketboys" and "octobersky",
● "codility" and "codility". Write a function (Pseudocode is sufficient):
function isAnagramOfPalindrome(S)
that, given a nonempty string S consisting of N characters, returns 1 if S is an
anagram of some palindrome and returns 0 otherwise. Assume that:

● N is an integer within the range [1..100,000];

● string S consists only of lowercase letters (a−z). For example, given S =
"dooernedeevrvn", the function should return 1, because "dooernedeevrvn" is
an anagram of the palindrome "neveroddoreven". Given S = "aabcba", the
function should return 0. Complexity:

● expected worstcase time complexity is O(N);

● expected worstcase space complexity is O(1) (not counting the storage
required for input arguments).

Question 3) Write a sample app which has a single view with a single button.
Initially, it has white background. When user starts pressing the button (and keeps
pressing), the app changes background colour such that

If pressed < 1 second, background remains white 12 second, blue 23 second, green
34 second, yellow 45 second, orange 5+ second, red
(Button being centred in all resolutions and orientations is a plus)

Question 4)Write a sample app which has a single page that gathers weather data
from https://openweathermap.org/apiyou can choose any city or country. When the
page load there will be a selectbox to choose one of the 5 different city/country.
Default selection is empty. When we change selectbox value, it automatically will get
data from open weather api from openweathermap.org and shows it in the screen.
(bonus: you can use conditional weather images like (sunny, cloudy, rainy etc.))
Please use one of the programming patterns like MVC, MVVM etc. And write a short
explanation why you used that pattern, how did you manage to seperate layers (UI,
controller, model, webservice call etc.)